---
layout: post
title:  "All the Gear..."
date:   2021-04-21 17:14:25 +0000
categories: Motorbikes
---

...All The Time.

A classic phrase used in the motorbike community. Often shortened to ATGATT and simply states that you should *never* ride a motorbike without wearing everything; even if it's just down the road.

In light of this, I made sure to purchase everything before the bike arrived, so I didn't hop on and get myself killed without it. 

Helmet: HJC i70
    A good, cheap, full-face helmet. Well ventilated, built in sunglass visor, probably should've picked a brighter colour than grey.

Earplugs: Earpeace (Red)
    Often forgotten, but so important. Just the wind noise alone at 60mph can permanently damage your hearing, so should always be worn before riding.

Jacket: Dainese Advisor Gore-Tex (+ D30 Back Protector)
    Got this one on sale for a decent chuck off. Gore-tex being one of the best materials for waterproofing. My most expensive bit of gear, but it's warm, dry, and protective. 
    The back protector is interesting. It's made of viscoelastic materials that turn solid on impact to distribute blunt impact forces across their whole area, saving your spine.

Jeans: RST GT CE Textile Jeans
    Basic waterproofing and armour to save your knees in a slide. Protective, but large, goofy, hot, and missing pockets.

Gloves: Frank Thomas FT-54 WP
    Admittedly, cheap pair I needed to do my CBT, should probably replace these with a proper armoured pair soon. 

Boots: Frank Thomas Microfibre Touring
    As above, cheap(ish) pair that I should probably replace with some stronger ones. They're also a PITA to get on and off. 

    
